Here is a new version of the contract with different parties and variations:
Page 1 TRADE v5 Single Author AGREEMENT made this June 1, 2023, between Cybersecurity Experts LLC, 123 Main Street, Anytown, NY 12345 (the "Author") and Prestigious Publishing House, Inc., 456 Oak Avenue, Cityville, CA 98765 (the "Publisher") (together with the Author, the "Parties" and individually a "Party") with respect to the work, tentatively titled:
Cybersecurity Best Practices for the Modern Enterprise (the "Work") to be written by Alex Johnson (the "Writer").
The Publisher and the Author wish to work together to achieve the professional standards and success that they each desire from the Work, and agree as follows:
Rights 1. (a) The Author assigns to the Publisher during the full term of copyright and all extensions thereof the entire copyright in the Work, which is defined to include any supplementary materials (as specified in the attached Schedule, defined below in 2(a)), updates, revised editions and any derivative works based on it, including but not limited to the right, by itself or with others, throughout the world, to print, store, copy, publish, republish, adapt, distribute and transmit the Work in English and in other languages, in all media of expression now known or later developed, and to license or permit others to do so.
1. (b) All rights in and to the "Appearance of the Work" (which expression, for the purposes of this Agreement includes the design and typography, paper, printing, binding, cover, jacket and embellishments for the Work and the design, typography, and layout for digital versions of the Work) and in the title, any series titles used on or in connection with the Work, including without limitation any trademark, service mark or trade dress rights, and all intellectual property rights, of whatever nature, in the Appearance of the Work and in the title, will belong to the Publisher.
2. (c) The Author retains all proprietary rights other than copyright, such as patent rights, in any process, procedure, or article of manufacture described in the Work.
Delivery of Materials 2. (a) The Author shall prepare and deliver the complete and final materials for the Work as described herein and as detailed on the attached specification/schedule of deliverables (the "Schedule"), which is incorporated herein by reference, satisfactory to the Publisher in organization, form, content, and style by June 15, 2023, as set forth in the Schedule (the "Due Date"), time being of the essence, unless the Publisher has agreed to extend the time in writing.

2. (b) The Author shall, at the Author's expense, obtain written permission, in a form and scope acceptable to the Publisher, for any third-party material included in the Work and shall submit all permissions with the final materials.
Publication 3. (a) The Publisher will publish the Work, at its own expense, within 12 months following the Publisher's acceptance of the complete and final manuscript of the Work in such manner and formats as it deems appropriate for the market, and will determine and implement all aspects of publication such as price, style, quantity, appearance and design, as well as such marketing, distribution and licensing arrangements as it deems appropriate.
3. (b) The Author acknowledges and agrees that content from the Work may be used for marketing purposes. The Author further agrees to provide reasonable marketing assistance upon request of the Publisher.
Royalties 5. (a) The Publisher shall pay to the Author, as a royalty, the following percentages of the Publisher's "Net Receipts" (as defined below) from sales or licenses of the Work:
(1) (i) from sales or licenses of the original edition in hardcover in the United States, its possessions and territories, and Canada: 15% on the first 10,000 units; and 18% on all units thereafter. (ii) from sales or licenses of a trade paperback or other softcover edition (except for a mass-market paperback edition) in the United States, its possessions and territories, and Canada: 15% on the first 10,000 units; and 18% on all units thereafter.
(2) (i) from sales or licenses of the original edition in hardcover elsewhere: 7.5% (ii) from sales or licenses of the original edition in paperback or other print medium elsewhere: 7.5%
(3) from sales or licenses of the entire Work or materials from the Work in electronic form, including without limitation adaptations for electronic courses, whether directly by the Publisher or indirectly through or with others: 18%
Accounting 6. (a) Payments to the Author will be made semiannually, on or before the last day of June and December of each year for royalties due for the preceding half-year ending the last day of April and October, respectively. The Publisher may retain a 20% reserve for future returns for three royalty periods, provided the accounting statements indicate the amount of the reserve and how it has been applied.
Author Copies 7. (a) When the Work is published in a print format, the Publisher shall give 5 free copies of the Work to the Author on publication. The Author may purchase, for personal use only, other publications of the Publisher (except journals

and major reference works) if in print form at a discount of 20% from the thencurrent United States catalog list price.
Competing Works 8. (a) Until the Work is no longer commercially available as defined in Paragraph 15, the Author shall not, without the Publisher's prior written consent, publish or permit any third party to publish the Work or any portion thereof or any other version, revision or derivative work based thereon in any media now known or later developed.
Revised Editions 9. (a) If the Publisher determines that a revision of the Work ("Revised Edition") is desirable, the Publisher may request the Author to prepare the Revised Edition and the Author shall advise the Publisher within 45 days whether the Author shall do so in accordance with the schedule set forth by the Publisher.
Option 10. The Author shall submit to the Publisher a proposal with a table of contents or complete materials for the Author's next "book-length" work (the "Next Work") before offering rights to the Next Work to any other publisher or selfpublishing the Next Work. The Publisher shall notify the Author within 90 days after receipt of such proposal or materials whether it desires to publish the Next Work. If the Publisher, within such period, notifies the Author that it does wish to publish the Next Work, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith with respect to the terms of such publication.
Warranty 12. (a) The Author represents and warrants that the Work is original except for material for which written third party permissions have been obtained, has not previously been published and is not in the public domain; the Author has the right to enter into this Agreement and own and can convey the rights granted to the Publisher; the Work contains no libelous or unlawful material or instructions that may cause harm or injury; it does not infringe upon or violate any copyright, trademark, trade secret or other right or the privacy of others; and statements in the Work asserted as fact are true or based upon generally accepted professional research practices.
General 18. (a) This Agreement and the Schedule attached contain the full and complete understanding between the Parties and supersede all prior arrangements and understandings between the Parties in relation to the subject matter of this Agreement and may not be modified except in writing and signed by both Parties or their duly authorized representatives.
(e) This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws rules and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Los Angeles County, California.

AGREED AND ACCEPTED: Cybersecurity Experts LLC Prestigious Publishing House, Inc. I have authority to bind Cybersecurity Experts LLC. I have authority to bind Prestigious Publishing House, Inc.
Alex Johnson Jane Smith Managing Member President
Date Date alex@cyberexperts.com _______________ Email Address

