Page 1 TRADE v3 Single Author AGREEMENT made this June 1, 2023, between Cybersecurity Experts, LLC, 123 Main Street, Anytown, CA 90210 (the "Author") and Acme Publishing, Inc., 456 Oak Avenue, Metropolis, NY 12345 (the "Publisher") (together with the Author, the "Parties" and individually a "Party") with respect to the work, tentatively titled: Protecting Your Organization from Cyber Threats (the "Work") to be written by Jane Doe (the "Writer").
Rights 1. (a) The Author assigns to the Publisher during the full term of copyright and all extensions thereof the entire copyright in the Work, which is defined to include any supplementary materials, updates, revised editions and any derivative works based on it, including but not limited to the right, by itself or with others, throughout the world, to print, store, copy, publish, republish, adapt, distribute and transmit the Work in English and in other languages, in all media of expression now known or later developed, and to license or permit others to do so.
1. (b) The Publisher shall have the right to use the name, likeness, and biographical data of the Author on any edition of the Work or on any derivative work thereof, and in advertising, publicity or promotion related thereto and may grant such rights in connection with the license of any subsidiary rights in the Work. The Author shall provide in a timely manner any information reasonably requested by the Publisher for use in promoting and advertising the Work.
Delivery of Materials 2. (a) The Author shall deliver the complete and final materials for the Work by July 1, 2023, as set forth in the Schedule (the "Due Date"), time being of the essence, unless the Publisher has agreed to extend the time in writing. If the Author does not deliver the complete and final materials for the Work by the Due Date, the Publisher may terminate this Agreement and recover any monies paid to, or on behalf of, the Author in connection with the Work.
2. (b) If the Publisher determines that the materials for the Work are not, in the Publisher's judgment, complete and satisfactory, the Publisher may request changes that would make the materials satisfactory. If the Author does not make the changes requested by the Publisher within 30 days, or if the materials are still not satisfactory, the Publisher may terminate this Agreement.
Publication 3. (a) The Publisher will publish the Work, at its own expense, within 12 months following the Publisher's acceptance of the complete and final manuscript of the Work in such manner and formats as it deems appropriate for the market.
3. (b) The Publisher will not be under an obligation to publish the Work if, in its reasonable judgment, circumstances beyond its control adversely affect the Work's marketability or potential sales. In such event, the Publisher shall notify

the Author and pay the Author the advance installment next due, all rights in the Work will revert to the Author, and this Agreement will terminate.
Royalties 4. (a) The Publisher shall pay to the Author, as a royalty, the following percentages of the Publisher's "Net Receipts" (as defined below) from sales or licenses of the Work: (1) from sales or licenses of the original edition in hardcover in the United States, its possessions and territories, and Canada: 12% on the first 5,000 units; and 15% on all units thereafter. (2) from sales or licenses of the Work in electronic form: 15% (3) from sales or licenses of subsidiary rights: 50%
4. (b) "Net Receipts" means the amount earned and received by the Publisher less any discounts, taxes, bad debts, and customer returns.
Competing Works 5. The Author shall not, without the Publisher's prior written consent, publish or permit any third party to publish the Work or any portion thereof or any other version, revision or derivative work based thereon.
Revised Editions 6. If the Publisher determines that a revision of the Work is desirable, the Publisher may request the Author to prepare the revision. If the Author does not participate, the Publisher may arrange for others to revise the Work.
Option 7. The Author shall submit a proposal for the Author's next "book-length" work to the Publisher before offering it elsewhere. The Publisher shall have the option to publish the next work.
Termination 8. The Publisher may terminate this Agreement if the Author fails to deliver the materials by the Due Date or if the materials are not satisfactory. Upon termination, the Publisher shall revert all rights to the Author.
General 9. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York. The Parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New York County, New York.
AGREED AND ACCEPTED:
Cybersecurity Experts, LLC Acme Publishing, Inc. I have authority to bind Cybersecurity Experts, LLC. I have authority to bind Acme Publishing, Inc.
Jane Doe John Smith Managing Partner President
Date Date
jane@cybersecexperts.com _______________ Email Address

