Page 1 P & Q Single Editor v1 AGREEMENT made this October 1, 2023 between Alexandra D. Palmer, 15 Maple Avenue, Cambridge, MA, 02139, USA (the "Author") and BrightStar Publishing, Inc., 500 Lexington Avenue, New York, NY 10017 (the "Publisher"), together with the Author, the "Parties" and individually a "Party" with respect to the work tentatively titled: "The Future of Renewable Energy" (the "Work"). The Publisher and the Author wish to work together to achieve the professional standards and success that they each desire from the Work, and agree as follows:
1. Ownership 1.1 The Work, which is defined to include any supplementary materials (as specified in the attached Schedule, defined below in 2.2), the separate contributions contained therein, updates, revised editions and any derivative works based on it, and any Revised Editions, whether or not prepared by the Author, shall be considered a work made for hire and the copyright and the full and exclusive rights comprised in the copyright, and all other right, title and interest in and to the Work and the material contained therein, shall vest initially in and shall thereafter belong to the Publisher. These rights include, but are not limited to, the Publisher's right, by itself or with others, throughout the world, to print, store, copy, publish, republish, adapt, distribute and transmit the Work in English and in other languages, in all media of expression now known or later developed, and to license or permit others to do so.
1.2 To the extent, if any, that the Work or any contribution or other material contained in the Work or any Revised Edition thereof does not qualify as a work made for hire or copyright therein might otherwise vest in the Author, the Author hereby grants, transfers and assigns to the Publisher for the full term of copyright and all extensions thereof the full and exclusive rights comprised in the copyright in and to the Work and the material and contributions contained therein, any Revised Editions thereof and all derivative works based thereon, and all other proprietary rights thereto, in all languages and forms, and in all media of expression now known or later developed, throughout the world.
1.3 All rights in and to the "Appearance of the Work" (which expression, for the purposes of this Agreement, includes the design and typography, paper, printing, binding, cover, jacket, and embellishments for the Work and the design, typography and layout for digital versions of the Work) and in the title, any series titles used on or in connection with the Work, including without limitation any trademark, service mark or trade dress rights, and all intellectual property rights, of whatever nature, in the Appearance of the Work and in the title, will belong to the Publisher.
1.4 The Author retains all proprietary rights other than copyright, such as patent rights, in any process, procedure or article of manufacture described in the Work.

1.5 To the extent permitted by law, the Author hereby waives the benefits of any and all moral rights and/or rights in the nature of moral rights (other than the right to be identified as the Author of the Work) which may subsist or may be granted to the Author or which may be introduced during the term of this Agreement in respect of the Work created by the Author pursuant to this Agreement, and the Author agrees not to institute, support, maintain or authorize any claim against the Publisher or any licensee of the Publisher that any use made of the Work or any changes made to the Work in any way constitutes an infringement of any such moral rights.
2. Duties and Delivery of Materials 2.1 The Publisher hereby appoints the Author to write the Work and to perform the following services, subject to the Publisher's approval:
2.1.1 Prepare an outline of the scope of the Work, including without limitation the number and title of the chapters to be included therein, and promptly submit the complete final manuscript on or before the Due Date set forth in Paragraph 2.2.
2.1.2 Review each chapter, make or request changes as necessary, and ensure that the manuscript is satisfactory to the Publisher.
2.1.3 Assume editorial responsibility for the preparation and timely submission to the Publisher of the complete final manuscript of the Work by the Due Date.
2.2 The Author shall prepare and deliver the complete and final materials for the Work as described herein and as detailed on the attached specification/schedule of deliverables (the "Schedule"), which is incorporated herein by reference, satisfactory to the Publisher in organization, form, content, and style by June 30, 2024 as set forth in the Schedule (the "Due Date"), time being of the essence, unless the Publisher has agreed to extend the time in writing. The Author will retain a copy of all material delivered to the Publisher. The Publisher will not be responsible for any loss or damage to such material.
2.3 The Author shall, at the Author's expense, obtain written permission, in a form and scope acceptable to the Publisher, for any third-party material included in the Work and shall submit all permissions with the final materials. If any permissions or other materials due from the Author are furnished or paid for by the Publisher, the Publisher may withhold an amount equal to such costs from any sums due to the Author.
2.4 If the Author delivers the complete and final materials for the Work on or before the Due Date, the Publisher shall, within 60 days after such delivery (the "Prescribed Period"), notify the Author whether the complete and final materials for the Work are, in the Publisher's judgment, complete and satisfactory and, if they are not, request changes that would make the materials for the Work satisfactory to the

Publisher. If the Author does not make the changes requested by the Publisher within 30 days after receipt of such request, or if, notwithstanding such changes the materials for the Work are not, in the Publisher's judgment, complete and satisfactory, the Publisher may terminate this Agreement pursuant to Paragraph 13.2 below or make such other arrangements as the Publisher deems advisable to make the materials complete and satisfactory, in which event the reasonable costs of such arrangements may be charged against any sums due to the Author. In the event the Publisher determines that the necessary revisions would be so extensive and fundamental that a satisfactory and timely revision would not be feasible, the Publisher will have the right to deem the materials unsatisfactory without requesting changes and to terminate the Agreement pursuant to Paragraph 13.2 below.
2.5 If the Author has not delivered complete and satisfactory materials for the Work by the Due Date, the Publisher may (i) make other arrangements to complete the Work and charge the reasonable costs of such arrangements to any sums due to the Author, or (ii) terminate this Agreement with respect to one or more of the Author and recover from the Author any monies paid to, or on behalf of, the Author in connection with the Work and in such event the Publisher shall have no further obligation or liability to the Author.
Page 2 P & Q Single Editor v1
3. Publication 3.1 The Publisher will publish the Work, at its own expense, in such manner and formats as it deems appropriate for the market, and will determine and implement all aspects of publication such as price, style, quantity, appearance and design, as well as such marketing, distribution and licensing arrangements as it deems appropriate.
3.2 The Author shall provide reasonable marketing assistance upon request of the Publisher.
3.3 The Publisher will not be under an obligation to publish the Work if, in its reasonable judgment, circumstances beyond its control adversely affect the Work's marketability or potential sales. In such event (i) the Publisher shall notify the Author and pay the Author, if applicable, the advance installment next due, (ii) all rights in the Work granted by the Author to the Publisher hereunder will revert to the Author, and (iii) this Agreement will terminate on the date of such reversion of rights. If the Author places such reverted Work with another publisher, the Author shall provide written notice and repay any advances to the Publisher to the extent the Author receives advances and royalties from such other publisher.
4. Copyright/Credits 4.1 The Publisher shall include in each copy of the Work published by it a notice of copyright in the Publisher's name in conformity with relevant copyright laws and the Publisher will have the right to register

the copyright in the Work. Any textual or illustrative material prepared for the Work by the Publisher at its expense may be copyrighted separately in the Publisher's name.
4.2 The Publisher will have the right to use the name, likeness and biographical data of the Author on any edition of the Work or on any derivative work thereof, and in advertising, publicity or promotion related thereto and may grant such rights in connection with the license of any subsidiary rights in the Work. The Author shall provide in a timely manner any information reasonably requested by the Publisher for use in promoting and advertising the Work.
5. Royalties 5.1 The Publisher shall pay to the Author, as a royalty, the following percentages of the Publisher's "Net Receipts" (as defined below) from sales or licenses of the Work: (1) from sales or licenses of the original edition whether in hardcover, paperback or other print medium (the "regular edition"): 12% (2) from sales or licenses of the Work and materials from the Work in electronic form, including without limitation adaptations for electronic courses, whether directly by the Publisher or indirectly through or with others: 12% (3) from sales of the Work at discounts of 60% or more from list price: 5% (4) from sales or licenses by the Publisher to third parties of the following subsidiary rights in the Work: book club, reprint, serial rights, foreign language translation rights, audio and video adaptation rights, and in any media, permission grants for quotations of short excerpts and photocopies, after deduction of Publisher's out-of-pocket costs, if any, incurred in connection with such sales or licenses: 30% (5) should the Publisher undertake, either alone or with others, the activities described in (4) above: 10% (6) from sales or licenses of condensations, adaptations and other derivative works, such as custom publications, not specified above: 10% (7) from use of all or a part of the Work in conjunction collectively with other work(s), a fraction of the applicable royalty rate equal to the proportion that the part of the Work so used bears to the entire collected Work: pro rata unless the excerpt from the Work is 5% or less of the entire Work in which case a standard permission fee shall be paid (8) Notwithstanding any other provisions contained herein, the Author shall receive the royalty rate specified in Paragraph 5.1(1) on Publisher's Net Receipts attributable to usage of the Work from licenses of usage-based digital collections of works which include the Work and for which the Publisher or its licensees track end-user usage of the Work.
5.2 "Net Receipts" mean the amount earned and received by the Publisher less any discounts, taxes, bad debts, and customer returns, and excluding any sums charged separately to the customer for shipping. Sales or licenses made to any Publisher subsidiary or affiliate companies will be accounted as though made to unrelated parties.

5.3 Royalties will not be due on any revenues earned abroad, where any foreign government blocks the conversion or transmittal of such monies to the Publisher until such revenues can be transmitted.
5.4 No royalties will be paid in connection with: (i) fees received for the use of illustrative material, if any, prepared by the Publisher or at the Publisher's request, plates, negatives, type, tape or other property of the Publisher; (ii) any grant of rights by the Publisher at no charge for transcription into Braille, large type publication or otherwise for use by persons with disabilities; (iii) remainder copies and other copies sold below or at cost including expenses incurred, or furnished free or at a discount to the Author, or for review, advertising, sample or similar purposes which may benefit the sale of the Work; (iv) copies of the Work purchased by the Author; or (v) copies donated to charity.
6. Accounting 6.1 Payments to the Author will be made semiannually, on or before the last day of June and December of each year for royalties due for the preceding half-year ending the last day of April and October, respectively. The Publisher may take credit for any returns for which royalties have been previously paid. The Publisher may retain a 20% reserve for future returns for three royalty periods, provided the accounting statements indicate the amount of the reserve and how it has been applied. If the balance due an Author for any royalty period is less than $100, no payment will be due until the next royalty period at the end of which the cumulative balance has reached $100.
6.2 Any offsets (including but not limited to any advances or grant) against royalties or sums owed by an Author to the Publisher under this Agreement or any other agreement between such Author and the Publisher may be deducted from any payments due such Author (including but not limited to any royalties) under this Agreement or any other agreement between the Author and the Publisher.
Page 3 P & Q Single Editor v1
7. Author's Copies 7.1 When the Work is published in a print format, the Publisher shall give 3 free copies of the Work to the Author on publication. The Author may purchase, for personal use only, additional copies of the Work if in print form at a discount of 40% from the then-current United States catalog list price. The Author may purchase, for personal use only, other publications of the Publisher (except journals and major reference works) if in print form at a discount of 25% from the then-current United States catalog list price.
8. Competing Works 8.1 The Author shall not, without the Publisher's prior written consent, publish or permit any third party to publish the Work or any portion thereof or any other version, revision or derivative work based thereon

in any media now known or later developed. The Author may, however, draw on and refer to material contained in the Work in preparing articles for publication in scholarly and professional journals and papers for delivery at professional meetings, provided that credit is given to the Work and the Publisher.
8.2 The Author shall not, without the Publisher's prior written consent, prepare or assist in the preparation of any other work with the same or substantially the same content as the Work and aimed at the same audience as the Work that might, in the Publisher's reasonable judgment, interfere with or injure the sale of the Work.
9. Revised Editions 9.1 If the Publisher decides to publish a revised edition of the Work (the "Revised Edition(s)"), the Publisher may, at its option, request the Author to prepare the Revised Edition and the Author shall advise the Publisher within 60 days whether the Author will do so in accordance with the schedule set forth by the Publisher. If the Author advises the Publisher that the Author will prepare the Revised Edition, the Author shall diligently proceed with the Revised Edition, keep the Publisher advised of the Author's progress, and deliver the complete manuscript to the Publisher on the scheduled due date. The scope of the revision will be defined by a new set of deliverables. The Publisher will have the right to make minor updates to the Work as needed without obtaining the prior consent of the Author.
9.2 If the Author does not participate in the Revised Editions, or does not diligently proceed with the revision, the Publisher shall have the right to arrange with others for the preparation of the Revised Edition. In such case, no royalties shall be paid to the Author with respect to any Revised Edition not prepared by such Author.
Page 4 P & Q Single Editor v1
10. Incapacity 10.1 Should the Author die or become incapacitated before contributing publishable content to the Work, the Publisher will be entitled to withdraw from this Agreement with respect to the Author, whereupon the Author's heirs shall not be entitled to any claims for remuneration, and any payments made by the Publisher on account will be returned to the Publisher upon request. Should the Author die or become incapacitated following the submission of publishable content to the Work and the Publisher decides to continue with publication of the Work using such publishable content, the Publisher will be entitled, at its own discretion, to have the Work completed by the Author and/or third parties. In such event, the Publisher shall apportion royalties between the Author and any new editor(s) based on the amount of effort needed to complete the Work. The Author may be credited on the Work so published, along with co-editors, in the discretion of the Publisher.

11. Warranty 11.1 The Author represents and warrants that: (i) with respect to any material prepared by the Author for the Work, such material shall be original, except for such excerpts and illustrations from copyrighted works for which the Author has obtained written permission from the copyright owners on a form approved by the Publisher, and such material shall not contain libelous or unlawful statements or instructions that may cause harm or injury and shall not infringe upon or violate any copyright, trademark, trade secret or other right or the privacy of others; (ii) the Author will not include in the Work any contribution or material written or illustrated by others that the Author believes or has reason to know or suspect may not be original or may contain libelous or unlawful statements or instructions that may cause harm or injury or that infringes upon or violates any copyright, trademark, or other right or the privacy of others, and the Author shall exercise due care in selecting Contributors and reviewing Contributions to minimize the risks of such infringements, unlawful statements or instructions and harm; (iii) to the best of the Author's knowledge all statements asserted as fact in the Work are either true or based upon generally accepted professional research practices; (iv) the Author has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the services required herein; and (v) any compensation to any other party who assists the Author in performing services required of the Author hereunder shall be the responsibility of and shall be paid by the Author.
11.2 The Author shall hold the Publisher and its distributors and licensees harmless against all liability, including expenses and reasonable counsel fees, from any claim which if sustained would constitute a breach of the foregoing warranties. Each Party shall give prompt notice to the other if any claim is made and the Author shall cooperate with the Publisher, who shall direct the defense thereof. Pending any settlement, final resolution or clear abandonment of a claim, the Publisher may engage counsel of its choice and may withhold in a reasonable amount sums due the Author under this or any other agreement between the Parties.
12. Infringement 12.1 If the copyright in the Work or in any derivative work is infringed, the Publisher will have the right, but not the obligation, to pursue a claim for infringement in such manner as it deems appropriate. Upon request, the Author shall provide reasonable assistance to the Publisher in connection with the Publisher's pursuit of such claims.
13. Termination 13.1 The Author may terminate this Agreement by written notice to the Publisher if the Publisher does not reply to the Author's request for required changes submitted pursuant to Paragraph 2.4 above.
13.2 The Publisher may terminate this Agreement immediately by notice in writing: (i) if the Author fails to deliver complete and satisfactory materials for the Work pursuant to Paragraph 2.1 above by the Due Date or fails or refuses to make the changes requested by the Publisher pursuant to Paragraph 2.4 above. In the event

Paragraph 2.4 is omitted, this Paragraph 13.2(i) shall not apply; (ii) if publication may result in legal liability unacceptable to the

